Add EE 10 Results for Full Platform & Web Profile to Staging (#228)
OpenLiberty/certifications: jakartaee/10/webprofile/23.0.0.3-Java11-TCKResults.adoc

:page-layout: certification
= TCK Results

> As required by the https://www.eclipse.org/legal/tck.php[Eclipse Foundation Technology Compatibility Kit License], following is a summary of the TCK results for releases of Jakarta EE Platform 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As required by the https://www.eclipse.org/legal/tck.php[Eclipse Foundation Technology Compatibility Kit License], following is a summary of the TCK results for releases of Jakarta EE Web Profile 10.
```

> == Open Liberty 23.0.0.3 Jakarta EE Platform 10 using Java 11 Certification Summary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Open Liberty 23.0.0.3 Jakarta EE Web Profile 10 using Java 11 Certification Summary
```

Author: Good catch. Copy paste strikes again.

* Product Name, Version and download URL (if applicable):
+
https://public.dhe.ibm.com/ibmdl/export/pub/software/openliberty/runtime/release/23.0.0.3/openliberty-webProfile10-23.0.0.3.zip[Open Liberty 23.0.0.3]

* Specification Name, Version and download URL:
+
https://jakarta.ee/specifications/webprofile/10[Jakarta EE Web Profile 10]

* TCK Version, digital SHA-256 fingerprint and download URL:
+

> https://download.eclipse.org/jakartaee/platform/10/jakarta-jakartaeetck-10.0.2.zip[Jakarta EE Platform TCK 10.0.2],

Reviewer: I believe this is correct as is, but please confirm

Author: This is indeed correct. For Web Profile, you run the Platform TCK with an extra parameter to restrict it to WP-appropriate tests.
